contracts-bedrock: remove SystemConfig batchInbox and setGasConfig (#21641)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: docs/public-docs/app-developers/tools/data/data-glossary.mdx

*   **Net Onchain Profit:** Chain Revenue - L1 Gas Fees
*   **Chain Revenue:** Sum of the L1 Data Fee + L2 Base Fee + L2 Priority Fee + L2 Operator Fee (Also includes any additional fee types added in the future.)
*   *L1 Gas Fees:* Total gas fees spent by the chain on L1 in transaction batches (including blob costs) and state output submissions or dispute games.

> *   **Transaction Batches:** All transactions where the transaction from address is the `batcherHash` address as defined in the chains' `SystemConfigProxy` contract, and the transaction to address is the chain's `batch_inbox_address` as defined in the Superchain Registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **Transaction Batches:** All transactions where the transaction from address is the `batcherHash` address as defined in the chains' `SystemConfigProxy` contract, and the transaction to address is the chain's `batch_inbox_address` as defined in the rollup config.
```
The superchain-registry is an optional source for fields in the rollup config, but it's really the rollup config that's the general source for the batch inbox address.

Author: Applied.
